[#186700408] UPDATE README: Add note for prefix-option (#22)
makandra/rails_state_machine: README.md

end
```

> The `prefix` option is specifically designed to apply only to state constants and state methods.
> This functionality allows the gem to automatically prepend the specified prefix to these elements,
> ensuring a consistent and recognizable naming convention across your codebase.
> However, it is important to note that the `prefix` option does not extend to state events.
> The rationale behind this distinction lies in the origin of these elements: while state constants and state methods
> are predefined by the gem, state events are defined by the developer. Consequently, it is the developer's
> responsibility to name state events appropriately to maintain clarity and avoid conflicts.

Reviewer: I'd suggest boiling it down to the essence, maybe like this?

```suggestion
Note: The `prefix` option is designed to apply only to constants and state methods **defined by the gem**.

**State event names** are manually defined by the developer and thus not altered even if the `prefix` 
option is used. It's advised to review them regarding potential naming collision and clarity when
 introducing the `prefix` method.
```

Author: LGTM!
